Added marking add-ons as deprecated (#949)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/weave.md

weight: 59
title: "Weave Add-On"
addOn: "weave"
isDeprecated: true
---

## Deprecation Notice

### This add-on is deprecated.

> kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on in kURL starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully deprecated after September 31st 2023.  This add-on is no longer supported by the upstream maintainers. Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the deprecation date.  Please consider using the [Flannel](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) for your CNI needs moving forward.  We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel#migration-from-weave).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully removed after September 31st 2023.  This add-on is no longer supported by the upstream maintainers. Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the removal date.  Please consider using the [Flannel](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) add-on for your CNI needs moving forward.  We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel#migration-from-weave).
```

> As of March 27, 2023, kURL no longer intends to continue to offer this add-on as part of the ongoing kURL project. This add-on is now considered deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after September 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window. Please consider using the [Flannel](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) add-on for your CNI needs moving forward. We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel#migration-from-weave).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Weave add-on is deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after September 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window. Please consider using the [Flannel](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) add-on for your CNI needs moving forward. We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel#migration-from-weave).
```
